An Enterprise Web Application (EWP) typically follows a multi-tier architecture, 
which includes the following layers:

1 Presentation Layer (Client-Side) aka The user interface(UI) "Front-end":
This is the front-end part of the application 
where users interact with the application through a web browser.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue.js.

2 Business Logic Layer (Server-Side)"Back-end":
This layer contains the core functionality 
and business logic of the application.
It processes user inputs, makes decisions, and performs calculations.
Technologies used: webserver:(Tomcat, Apache, Nginx, etc.)
Aplication Server:Java (Spring, Java EE), .NET, Node.js, etc.
This layer is needed for the client and database to interact

3 Data Access Layer "Back-end":
This layer handles the interaction with the database.
It performs CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations.
Technologies used: JDBC, JPA, Hibernate, MyBatis, etc.

4 Database Layer "Back-end":
This is where the data is stored and managed.
It can be a relational database (MySQL, PostgreSQL) or
 a NoSQL database (MongoDB, Cassandra).




Typical Workflow of a Web Application (EWP):
Client Request:
The user interacts with the web application through their browser, 
sending an HTTP request to the server.
Examples: Clicking website links, performing Google searches, 
or submitting a login form with a password.

Request Handling (Routing):
The server receives the request and routes it to the appropriate controller 
or handler based on the URL and method (e.g., GET, POST).
Example: A GET request to /products retrieves a list of products, 
or a POST request to /login submits user credentials.

Business Logic Execution(processing):
The controller processes the request by invoking the 
necessary business logic to fulfill the action.
Examples: Validating user login credentials 
or processing a search query to match user input.

Data Access(processing):
If the business logic requires data, 
the server interacts with a database 
or other storage system to fetch, store, or update the data.
Examples: Retrieving a user profile from a SQL database or fetching product details from a catalog table.

Response Generation(Response/Rendering):
The server generates an HTTP response, 
which may include HTML for rendering in the browser 
or data formats like JSON or XML for API responses.

Client Response:
The response is sent back to the client. 
The browser then renders the data or updates the UI accordingly.
Examples: Displaying a user dashboard after login or showing search results on the page.

In Springboot there are 3 layers each are classes:

The controller: hanldes Requests such as GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH, HEAD, OPTIONS, TRACE
there are 2 ways to set up a controller, one is to use @RestController and the other is to use @Controller
@RestController is used for RESTful web services and returns data in JSON or XML format
aka the API.
@Controller is used for MVC web applications and returns a view
this returns a html page for the user aka the web page.
Make sure to use either @RestController or @Controller to let spring know that 
this class is a controller for the web page or API.
you can set up paths for each request, ie @GetMapping("/products")
will get you the products page.
You can think of it as a traffic cop that directs incoming requests to the appropriate service.

Services: handles business logic.
such as validation, calculations, Lists of data, etc.
You want to set up methods that will be called by the controller
using the @Service annotation will let spring know that this class is a service class.
you can think of it as a manager that coordinates the work of multiple employees.


Repositry: interacts the database
such as CRUD operations, queries, etc.
you want to set up methods that will be called by the service
using the @Repositry annotation will let spring know that this class is a repositry class.
you can think of it as a librarian that manages the books in the library.
Databases to you can use: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.
if you are going to use a database you will need to understad SQL, JDBC, JPA, Hibernate, MyBatis, etc.
you will also need to understand how queries work and how to set up a database.

if each class needs to interact with each other an object of 
the necessary class is created in the class that needs it.
ex.
class Controller{
Services service;

}